Barrel-rider! I do not know your smell, but if you are not one of those men of the lake, then you had their help.

I am astounded, barrel-rider, that you have had the courage to walk into my lair.

And by an entrance that my vast knowledge and long memory have allowed to wander into the recesses of my mind no less.

Have you not heard the tales they tell of the Smaug, the Great Wyrm? The Destroyer of Dale and the Terror of the Lonely Mountain?

How I, after hearing the tales of great treasures in the halls of Dwarves, journeyed there from the cold and unforgiving North?

How I, after arriving in the area, proceeded to raze the nearby human town of Dale to the ground and take the gold and armour and jewels of the Dwarves for my own magnificent hoard?

And, most of all, have you not heard that I am the true King under the Mountain?

Have you not heard of my fearsome glory?

But maybe you have not; maybe you have been given a task, and carried it out without realising just who you were to be dealing with.

But do not fear, barrel-rider; I shall enlighten you soon enough as to why my name is whispered even in the Iron Hills where Dwarves live, fearful that I shall turn my attention to their halls and treasures.

My name is barely mentioned in Lake Town. They remember well the destruction I wrought upon the land when I arrived.

But I shall fly above Lake Town once more, just to show them that they live only by my will.

I shall show them that I am stronger, more powerful than them, and that I always will be.

I will sow the seeds of destruction once more, to teach others a lesson about how I am an impressive force to be reckoned with.

I shall not leave the town until it is no more.

But, barrel-rider, I shall seek you out personally; I shall seek you out, for you took from me a cup, encrusted with jewels and made of gold.

Have you not heard of how closely dragons guard their treasure?

Have you not heard of how unlucky it is to invoke a dragon's wrath?

You are a fool, barrel-rider.

You speak not of wishing to reclaim my gigantic horde of jewels and gold and armour; instead, you claim that you and your companions have come to the Lonely Mountain for revenge.

Revenge? Ha! I laid low the warriors of old that once defended the Dwarven King and his mountain halls.

The so-called Dwarven King under the Mountain is dead by my claws!

I am the rightful King under the Mountain, and shall be forever!

The jewels and iron scales that cover me give me armour like tenfold shields!

My teeth are swords!

My claws are spears!

The shock of my tail is a thunderbolt through the sky!

The clap of my wings is a hurricane!

My breath of fire, my signature, is death.

You will understand, barrel-rider, that I am the Great Wyrm Smaug, Destroyer of Dale and Terror of the Lonely Mountain.

I shall fly above Lake Town again.

They shall see me and remember who is the real King under the Mountain.